ok next we neeed to make sure that if the approvel of any member is made false later on the website needs to log them out and deny their access to the contents of all pages that are to be locked. second the join club optionid not updating the google sheets member page for some reason so fix that issue.
the members section in the page is not being loaded i am pritty sure that the reason is due to the members pages google sheets has been changed now so make sure that the items in the members page is visible in the team page again. give me info on exactly what changes i need to make to the memberes spreadsheet tab. teh current setup is (Timestamp, Name, Email, Phone, Role, Skills, About, Approved) make the changes present in the setup guide.md file so that i can keep a record of all the details that are to be remembered for future to transfer website down to my successors as president of the it club.
additionally lets keep the approved section in three states when the approved section is empty which should be empty by default the page should show "Your account is pending approval by the admin." when the approval is set as true the page should load as intended to with all it's content to be used freely also when the approved section is set to false it should show ("approval has been denied please mail .......... for more info. reasons may include you not paying the intry fee of the club or you violating our rules as provided to you in the form") of fource you should make it sound much more formal and more refined and polite to the reader.
you have also not fulfilled my request of having the newly added applicants who are trying to join via the join us button their detail to be automatically added to a new empty row of the members tab and also make the background of the newly added row of data to be green and if approval is false i need the background to be red and for the approved true section the background of the content needs to be light blue.
update the appscript code in the setup guide.md and also notify the changes to me so that i can make the changes to teh main code.
i am going to be making more and more changes to the ui and to the members card so we will be making a lot of changes in teh future as well
